Added an extra optionale step to the installation process (#3637)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: UmbracoNetCoreUpdates.md

The new project can be opened and run using your favorite IDE or you can continue to use the CLI commands.

### [Optional] Error message 'No template found matching: Umbraco'

> If you are sure that you've installed the templates (see the previous step) but the command prompt keeps telling you that there is "No template found matching: Umbraco" it can help to specificy the specific version and nuget source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are sure that you've installed the templates (see the previous step) but the command prompt keeps telling you that there is "No template found matching: Umbraco" then you can 'work around' by detailing the specific version in the `--nuget-source` option.
```

![foutmelding opdrachtprompt](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12457148/141447451-538b6eca-3c99-4e69-82d9-d58e8913e951.png)

> 1. Use a command prompt of your choice to specify the specific sources. Please note that you can update the version (9.0.1.) to the latest version that is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    ```none
    dotnet new --install Umbraco.Templates::9.0.1 --nuget-source https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
Where 9.0.1 is replaced with the latest version that is available that you are trying to install.
```
